We will look upon how to choose a wordpress host?
1)If u are using the software which is downloaded from wordpress.org
  hosting is the essential part of the process..
2)What is hosting in UI?
  websites are made up of files..They may be HTML,CSS,PHP etc..
  database files,image files et cetera..
3)All file need a physical place to store
  for example when u take a photo from camera
  That file is stored in a device like SD card
  You can move the file in ur computer
  and now its stored in your harddrive..
4)Hosting works in the same way

5)There are two files that make the wordpress site
  and they need to be stored on the server
  When you pay for hosting ...
  You are actually rentinga  space on a server whichis like a gigantic software..
  and that computers are owned by hosting compinies..

6)A wordpress site is made up of very  specific set of files..
  and database tables..
  When you type the domain name or URL of website into your browser,
  You are asking the browser to follow this specific address to a server
  where those files are going to be stored..

7)The browser request the file using the URL as a sort of passowrd..

8)Then the files are returned into urbrowser and presented to u visually..

9)A host made all of these happen..

10)You can have local website meaning the files exist in your laptop or computer,
but browsers cannot find the URL's and grab those files for the people elsewhereto view.


Managed Wordpress Hosting...
1)Managed WordPress hosting is your strongest choice when searching for a host..
2)Managed wordpress hosting is obtimized for wordpress performancedown to the support team that you work on 
3)When youy use managed hoisting you can launch your wordpress sites in just a click
  using your host installation process and it comes with all kind of bells and whistles designed espectially for 
  wordpess websites experience 
4)Hosting dont just store files They usually comes with features and services like
 threat detection,backup services,updates a catching,build tools and customer supports

